feat: migration of the codebase to TypeScript (#56) (#66)
asyncapi/bundler: README.md

## Usage

> AsyncAPI Bundler can be easily used within your TypeScript project:

Reviewer: As TS is a JS superset, use can also use library in the JS project:

 ```suggestion
AsyncAPI Bundler can be easily used within your JS projects as a NodeJS module.
```
